#This pages contains the road map of this project suite

=Opensign Server=
The goal of the Opensign Server (OSS) is to serve as trusted third party in order to prove the integrity and authenticity of binaries. To meet this goal following roadmap will be implemented:

==Version 0.1==

This version is a proof of concept implementation, which shows that processing a Certificate Signing Request (CSR) and issuing a X.509 certificate is working in an efficient way. Furthermore the generation and distributing of the root certificate is also supported.

== Version 0.2==
The server is enhanced by the possibility to support certificate issuing for multiple users. In this case users must be authenticated before generating a certificate.

==Version 0.3==
User management is done through the persistence layer, where Hibernate is the technology of choice. It is now possible to dynamically add users through the web-interface.

==Version 0.4==
The role of the Review is introduced. Users must be associated with a Reviewer before being able to generate a certificate.

==Version 0.5==
The web-interface is enriched with dynamically generated sites which allows the maintenance of the system depending of the user role.

==Version 1.0==
Well tested and documented system which is running online at: www.???.com 

==Version 2.0==
The second version of the OSS allows the server side code signing. Code modules are uploaded, virus scanned and signed by a corresponding key. No client side key management is required.  Furthermore, this service has a downloading area where anybody can download the signed modules.